This video we're going to create our custom front page along with the showcase and boxes here which
we'll be able to customize using WP customize or.
All right.
Which is something that we haven't done before so let's go in and create a new file in our theme and
we're going to save it as front page dot peach tree.
All right and if we go and reload it's a blank page automatically because it's working at this file
for the home page so we can do is copy everything that's in the index page and then paste it in there
and then we should get the same thing back.
All right.
So we want to edit some stuff here but before we do that we're going to we're going to create our custom
sections in the customize or so in the Customize.
Here you can see that we have three sections site identity menus and static front page.
And what I'm going to show you how to do is to create your own custom sections.
We're going to have one for the banner and we're going to happen from the boxes.
All right before we do that let's go.
Let's see.
We're going to go back and go into pages and I want to create two new pages one is going to be home
and that doesn't need any content.
And then another one which will be called Blog which also doesn't need any content.
And then if we go to settings reading We're going to set a static page as the front page.
We're going to choose home and then the post page we're going to choose blog.
OK that way we can have menu items that go to these pages if we go back to the the front end nothing's
changed.
All right so let's go back to the custom Mizer.
OK.
And then we're going to go to our two functions P2P file and this is where we're going to do everything
we're going to add a new section we're going to add a setting and the control.
So what we need to do is say function we're going to create a function called business customize.
Underscore register.
Right.
And that's going to take in a W.P. under store customized variable.
All right.
And this is where we can put all of our stuff.
Now we're going to need an action to to hook into.
So down here we're going to say add action.
The hook is going to be customize register.
Second parameter is going to be the function that we just created
.
All right.
OK now we're going to go in here.
And first thing we want to do is create a new section.
Okay so this is going to be the banner section.
So to do that we're going to take that W.P. customized variable.
And then we're going to call a method called ad section
and that's going to take in section name which will be banner.
And then an array
and in the Saray we're going to include a title
which will be when you use the the language function here or unsorry localization function and let's
say banner and then the theme which is going to be business.
Okay we can also have a description
and we're going to use the ASP print function here
and in here we're going to use our localization function and let's say options
for home page planner.
Right.
And then another parameter which will be the theme name business.
And next thing we're going to set is the priority
and we're going to set that to 130.
All right.
So that should create the section let's go ahead and save it and it's not showing up yet.
And it's not showing up because we don't have any settings or controls in that section yet.
So let's do that.
We're going to go right under to what we just did and let's do the headings setting.
OK.
So the heading will be the H-1 that displays.
So we're going to take that W.P. customize object and we're going to call add setting.
OK.
And then that's going to take in the setting which will be banner heading.
And then second parameter will be an array.
And we're going to say default OK the default.
We're going to use this underscore X and then the default text which will just say Vanner heading
right.
And the next thing we need here the next option is going to be the type and the type can either be option
or theme maade.
In most cases you're going to choose theme.
All right.
And that's it for the setting now.
This takes care of the setting but we still have no control for it inside the customizes So we need
to create that as well.
So this will be the heading control
and I'm just going to copy this actually.
Except we want to change this to add control and we want this banner are heading and then down here
we're going to change this to label and for the label
say heading.
OK.
We also need to specify the section that we want this to be in and the section we wanted to be in is
the banner section
.
Okay.
And then we also want to set priority.
This is going to be 20.
All right so it's good and save it and go back and reload.
And now you can see we have a new section called banner.
If I click on that you can see we have heading and it's even filled with the default of banner heading
.
So I'm going to create the rest of these before we go in and they actually show you how to use them
So we'll do is let's copy the headings setting and control.
And then this next aspect that we want is the text of the banner.
So this will be text setting and text control.
Let's change this to be in a text.
Now for the default I'm just going to paste in some content here.
OK.
Type is going to be theme maade that's fine.
Change this to ban or text change this to text and that should be good.
So if we save that we go back and reload banner.
Now we have the text option as well.
Next we want the button text in the button you are l.
Someone to copy what we have right here setting and control.
This is going to be for the button.
We'll change it to Banner between text and for the default we'll just say sign up
button text.
Ok let's also do the button you are l
.
I'm just going to have this be HGT P test dot com
All right check it out.
All right.
Good.
The last field there we're going to need is the air actually.
What is this missing argument to for X online 52.
What is this.
Oh this should have business as well.
OK.
OK so next we need the image.
And this is going to work just a little differently.
So I'm going to just copy the selling and control and this is going to be for
background image selling
.
Let's change this to banner image.
Now for for the default we're going to have to change this to just get rid of this whole thing.
And actually we wanted to get blog info because we need to get the exact directory where the images
will be uploaded and also fetched from.
So we're going to go to template directory
and then we're going to just concatenate on slash m g slash banner dot Jay peg.
OK that's going to be the default image.
Now we'll go down here.
And for our control this is going to work a little differently.
Actually you know I'm going to do is just get rid of everything that's that's in the control
.
All right.
Well we're going to do here is we're going to say new W.P. underscore
customized underscore image underscore control and then we're going to pass in W.P. underscore customize
.
And then let's say banner and instead it's be in quotes Bynner underscore image.
And then the next parameter will be in the array.
Right.
And then in this array will do the label
background image
.
You need to assign it to a section which will be obviously banner
and then we're also going to add settings and this will just be banner image.
All right.
So let's go ahead and save that.
Now we should have that banner Jay Pegge already there
.
OK which we do.
So let's go back here and reload.
And now we have this background image selection you can see that even displays what we have as a default
.
Now what I want to do before we actually implement any of these I want to do the boxes.
OK.
So it's going to be very similar.
We're just going to create a new section.
I'm actually going to do a lot of pasting and just to save time.
So let's go
right to the low here and paste this in.
OK we're just adding a new section called boxes just like we did with the banner
and then we're just going to need a bunch of settings and controls.
So let's do the box one.
So pasted in going to go over it.
OK so box 1 heading setting that will be this right here.
And for a default we're just going to say Box 1 heading and why these are so far over.
All right.
And then the type is the mod and then we have the control for Box 1 heading right here we have the text
setting for Box 1.
And then we have the text control.
So pretty repetitive but it is necessary.
Here we have the icon setting now the icon is going to be just an input for a class.
OK so right here the default is going to be bar chart which will be this icon.
So all you have to do is add the correct class name and it'll change that icon.
All right so that's all box one.
Next will do box to sew and paste this in a cereal box to heading
this box to having control.
Then we have the box to text setting box to text control
and box to Icon setting and control.
OK now we need box three.
All right.
So we have box three heading setting and control.
We have box three text
and box three icon which the default is going to be just desktop.
So it's go ahead and save that and go on to reload our custom Mizer.
And now we have a box section with all the different fields.
Now what I like to do is instead of having functions p p so packed I'm going to just want to cut out
all of the stuff we just did.
As far as the customize or so from here
all the way down to the ADD action we're going to cut that out.
And what we're going to do is create a new folder in our theme called I and see for includes And then
we'll create a new file We're going to call this customize or talk to p p k and paste everything in
there.
Sure we add Pietsch tags.
All right I'll save it and then go back to functions and then we just need to require it.
So say require once
actually was to require and we don't need that.
So we'll just say require and then we want get a template directory
and then slash.
I can see slash customize or got ph.
P.
OK let's make sure that everything is still there.
All right good.
So in the next video we're going to show you how to take those fields and all the settings that we just
created and actually implement them in the front end.